Which house do you want to buy?
The environment is too bad
I'm gonna use the rest of 1.70 million
Buy all the houses here
The more, the better.
Brother, can we stop joking?
My little heart is about to get sick
Just this house. Why did you buy it?
Do I look like I'm joking?
Trust me.
You are like this
You go to someone more prestigious nearby
See how many houses are still available for sale
Ordinary 800 a square meter
Better?
1,000 a square meter
Remember to sing
You are the boss, you have the final say
I'm on it.
OK. Go
Li Yi
Why are you here?
You want me to buy a house here?
I can still meet Miss Huang
I didn't say sorry to you in person for what happened before.
Please remind us
I also called you a liar
It's okay, it's a normal reaction
Better chance than chance.
My dad said yesterday that he wanted to thank you
Then I'll give you a house as a gift.
Let's go to Tiancheng International Selection
That's a new house that's just been built.
No.
I didn't buy a house here to live
It's about investing.
Invest in this house
I'm sure you'll lose everything.